Username	Answer
aggar117	"I like how this is a very AI-focused class due to the fact that AI has become an integral part of the workforce. Learning how to develop financial analysis scripts at this point in our careers is setting us up for success if we were to enter a field that utilizes AI-based analysis. This is also a great brush-up on our coding abilities. While the AI aspect is great, I wish we covered some of the fundamental financial concepts a little bit more in depth. This would really help in understanding what we're writing scripts for and just overall comprehension of the financial industry. Other than that, I'm enjoying this class."
salharth	"The good: I liked that we were able to freely use AI tools to further our understanding. It made the material more accessible and gave us another way to practice and check our work.   The bad: I didn't like how complicated the submission process was. It sometimes felt confusing or took extra steps that made turning in assignments harder than it needed to be.   The wish list: I wish we could talk more clearly about future assignments and what is expected of us. Having clearer guidance ahead of time would make it easier to prepare and plan.   In my own words: Overall, I thought the course was valuable. I learned a lot of useful tools for financial management, and using AI really helped me engage with the material. At the same time, simplifying the submission process and providing clearer expectations for assignments would make the course even stronger."
ali243	"me and scott were together todays class was really interesting, we learned how do ceos make there money. how the stock system works in alittle more detail. We also learned alittle about day trading. Scott and I discussed alittle about the project and that was it!"
ali216	"I like how the class is discussion based. It is nice to feel included because it can be hard to follow a professor who just speaks off of notes. Since we are doing projects, it would be great if we could have a class once every week or two doing a mini project where we follow along and code with you similar to the homework or projects due. It would make it easier to watch a professional like you applying DRIVER and then it would make doing homework much better because we have a framework to visualize. Overall, I love learning in this class lots with my goal being to get an A. If I see myself worrying about my grade, I will attend office hours or schedule an appointment. Thanks!"
nazevedo	"- The good, the bad; I like the tempo of the class, the examples given and how we are using excel. I would rather have the homework like the quizzes.   - The wish list; Have homework like the first quiz that we did.  Additionally, having the homework as some exercises by hand and others through excel would be an interesting dynamic.    - The feedback in your own word; Other than that I am finding this class interesting and well taught."
rbadam	The good: the use of AI is beneficial in some aspects to help us understand. The structuring of assignments gives a hands-off manner in which to do of such.    The bad: too much AI is used sometimes its hard to tell if this class is about financial management or AI and the line is heavily blurred.    The Wishlist: are harder/stronger emphasis on financial management and less use of google colab and AI. Google slides/powerpoint presentations more similar to a traditional learning situation with AI as a supporting backbone.
cbakota	"I like the integration and use of AI. Not just copy and pasting but actually teaching us the usefulness of AI. Knowing the best way to prompt so the AI will help us to complete more complex tasks. I don't like some of the examples from the book on how to learn the topics of the course. Some are a little confusing or not explained well. I hope that we can go over more of the techniques like DRIVER, or other AI prompting techniques to help create the most productive ways to utilize AI in my future career and day to day life.   I think the course is useful but certain subjects in the course are easily confused for me and some people. I like the idea of actually learning instead of trying to memorize for the sake of an exam. I like that you make us solve our problems but sometimes a little guidance in the right direction is good. Overall, I like this class but slightly more structure in the right direction when some people ask questions will help the learning so we are not learning unimportant information when we are researching."
bansa128	"I like the course and the flow of it. I really like how the course is just not focused on testing, but learning too. However, I feel the structure of the course could be improved a bit. Overall, I really like the course."
sbavana	"1. It is invigorating and I love the fact that we integrate AI into this. It doesn't feel too much of an offense to use Gemini or ChatGPT for homework anymore. It also makes me feel more confident in my learning ability. I also love the attendance policy! 2. As for now, I have none.  3. I absolutely love this class."
beebe9	"I really appreciate the enthusiasm and positive energy you bring to class every day, it helps makes the class more engaging. One area where I think the course could improve is providing a bit more instruction and guidance on some of the assignments. I think this would help clear up any questions and make me (and likely others) feel more confident in meeting expectations. Throughout the semester, I would like to learn more about personal finance and how to use this class to help expand my investment portfolio."
bergeror	I like your method of teaching you learn a lot and It definitely provides the deepest level of understanding and learning. However it can be confusing at times especially with the assignments.
ptberry	"Honestly, very nice Professor, however, the course itself is really confusing and a little pointless. I have been very confused on what the class is even about, why we are coding, how we're supposed to make the code, and explain DRIVER, but we haven't been taught the basic principles of a lot of what the class is about. I think everyone in this class is just going along and has learned nothing except DRIVER. I believe that maybe a way to make it more understandable for students of little knowledge is that maybe we could take the first half of lectures to learn and read through the material, for example, learn what the topic is, what it means, how we can use it, just a normal reading lesson. Then once we've learned, like what stocks are, what dividends are, what they do, just what and why things are the way they are in the financial world, and what certain numbers mean. Then we can move on to the application and try to solve a problem from the textbook, and plug it into Google Gemini and decode. I feel the only tangible things I have learned so far are the principle of DRIVER and that we are supposed to ask Google Gemini to solve the codes for us. We ask Gemini for codes and to Define a problem when theres formulas for dividends or time value money that none of us have had the time to understand ourselves."
lbikkavi	"I think that the course is good, I like the projects and mini projects I just think that sometimes it is confusing what exactly to do because it is not always explained fully. For example, the mini project, I was a bit confused what I needed to do because it was not ever entirely explained, more left up for interpretation. I only understood what I needed to do fully when a student explained it to me. But, I love the inclusion of AI and I actually do love the projects, it is so efficient and it is such a good way for me to learn the content. I am enjoying so far!"
tblanton	"I enjoy the potential of the course. However, the course is difficult to understand and I struggle with learning financial concepts using AI because we spend very little time in class understanding the concept before applying it to an example. I think this class would benefit from having a structured schedule with lecture notes. I would also like more guidance on the weekly video assignments and projects because they are very rarely explained during class and we are left to figure them out on our own."
wborows	"I really like how we are using AI to achieve our goals. It is going to be really big in our lives in a few years. By learning how to utilize it to make us better is very helpful. I wish that some of the instructions for the assignments were a little clearer. it seems some stuff is vague, and I have to ask a bunch of people questions on it. I really enjoy the class though, just wish for a little bit more clarity."
bowma177	"The good, is I am starting to understand python better. The bad for me is we get off track/ dont go through certain things. Also feels like we are always off which is fine but we are working ahead when stuff behind us is due. Other than that has been a good course so far"
bradfo27	"I really like how Dr. Zhang approaches the class, very forward-thinking and helping us build relevant skills for our future careers. I like how the assignments are structured and the material we cover in class; my only complaint would be that the class is at 4:30 and I struggle to stay engaged but Dr Zhang does a good job keeping us entertained. I also really like the github website.   My wish list would only be to keep doing what you are doing to teach us the material.   Overall, great class; I struggle a little bit, but I am confident I can survive."
ebrumme	"I have been enjoying this class so far this year. I think that learning to use AI is a really great resource. Learning the proper way to use it to my advantage has been very helpful not only in this course but also others. I think the structure of the class can be confusing at times due to due dates, but I also understand that sometimes schedules change, so we need to be flexible. Sometimes assignments can be a little confusing because we don't know exactly what you are expecting, but the feedback helps us know what you are expecting it is just unfortunate that it is after the assignments are turned in.    At the moment I don't have anything on my wish list. I enjoy that you don't just lecture and read off slides the whole class, it makes it much more enjoyable!"
buchei	"My overall feedback from this course is positive. I believe the interesting learning style and homework assignments has given me growth as a student. However, it has been a little bit challenging fully grasping the understanding of the assignment. I wish the course was a little more direct in explaining financial management at times. I feel as if class and the assignments can go astray."
rcairo	"The good: I enjoy the AI side of things. I think this class is ahead of its time and may prove very helpful in the future. The bad: For some who signed up for a traditional MGMT310 class, I feel as if this is not what they signed up for; that being said, I enjoy this class.   The wishlist: N/A   The feedback in your own words: I think this class needs a different type of advertising, I believe (to my knowledge, could be wrong) that the other sections' classes are almost nothing like this one in the sense that they don't use DRIVER and AI. I almost believe this class is a different class from MGMT310, if that makes sense. Once again, that being said, I enjoy this class."
carro146	"I feel like you do good on grading fairly and getting our assignments put into the gradebook in a timely manner.    I wish the in-class discussions were less confrontational and more voluntary. I will raise my hand for questions I know the answer to, but I continuously keep getting called on for questions that I clearly do not know.   The only wish I have is to make in-class discussions more voluntary and less forced. I do believe you will end up getting more feedback if you do it that way rather than having everyone scared they are going to get called on for the one question that they did not know."
jcasian	"I really like using the guidebook in class. It helps me understand and learn how to use it in my own. Additionally, I strongly appreciate the feedback given for the video assignments.  For a reason, I was troubling to find the content for the first video assignment. Clearer instructions is something I would change.  I feel the first weeks were kind of slow, which is okay as we were getting introduced to the class, but maybe a faster pace would have engaged me more. I am enjoying the stock section and wish this excitement remains.  Overall, I believe this is a great and unique course and would not change anything major."
chen5063	I like the course layout and I think the assignments are beneficial. There's not much I think needs improvement because the textbook is really helpful.
cheng754	"Good: I think the design of the assignments are nice and we have enough time to work on it.  Bad: sometimes i'm not really sure what we are talking about in class, this could be totally on me."
colon34	"- Good: I like that we are tasked with using AI to build things for us. Before this class I had not used AI much, but I am enjoying learning how to manipulate it to do certain things. Each time we are asked to use AI for an assignment I am learning better ways to use it and to curate prompts. I think this skill will be very useful for my future.  - Bad: I feel like AI is more of the main focus of this class, I don't really feel like we are diving into the concepts of finance, in a structured way, as much as I would like.  - Wish list: I wouldn't say that I have anything specific that I'm wishing for in this class. I like the flow of it so far.  - Feedback: Overall, I am really enjoying this class so far. I am getting better at using AI, explaining things in a video, and learning finance concepts."
icorrale	"The good and the bad kind of come from the same place: using AI. I like it as a tool, but it has taken me longer to really understand where the numbers come from and what they mean. It might also be because I'm a calculations person but it's a little difficult doing it with collab even though it spits out the answer fast. The class also seems more focused on the Colab and a lot of AI talk than on the actual finance side of things. It would be helpful it we spent more time learning the terms and processes, what they mean, and how to apply them without always having to look them up. I'm glad AI is included, but I think it'd help to branch out a bit, keep it as a supplement and put a little more focus on stand alone finance information to at least give some background instead directly putting it into AI."
vcraw	"I am enjoying the mgmt 310 class so far. I think it is very different to anything I have ever been a part of and gives me a different angle on how to learn and communicate with AI to assist me in formulating financial data. I'm not sure what I am doing wrong on the video assignments, as I am trying to make the best prompts possible that can be backed by my analysis. I want to be able to understand what it is I am doing wrong and understand how to correct the issues in order for me to gain more knowledge and be able to interpret financial inputs and make decisions based on future projections. I am excited for the rest of the year and am enjoying my mini project one currently."
creanc	"So far I think this class has been very beneficial for me. At first it was confusing and trying to figure out the assignments, and the whole you tube video submission process was tricky. But now that I have figured everything out it is going well. The actual content of the class is helping me out a lot with understanding financial analysis, which is great for me as a Finance major. I feel like I have learned a lot about certain things in the finance world, and these assignments are challenging me which is good because I am learning and growing."
cruz22	"Hello Professor, What I really like about this course is your enthusiasm presented in each class. I especially like the use of AI during project assignments. I say this because I believe we are headed in a direction where the use of AI will continue to grow exponentially regardless of which industry we work in, and it is important to maintain that ""DRIVER"" focus rather than being a passenger.   As for my wishlist, it's to gain insights into specific markets so we can learn to analyze different patterns from a financial standpoint so we know how to apply them if we ever choose to change careers or want to become our own investors."
adamayo	"So far, I've thought the class has been pretty good personally, but I could see how people would be confused throughout. I enjoy the fact that we use AI because I don't tend to interact with it much and it allows me to gain some experience utilizing it. That being said, I don't believe most people expected to work with AI throughout the course and I believe some prior notice would've been nice going into the class. Moreover, when it comes to assignments and projects, if there was some more clarity with what is actually needed to fulfill the assignments, I think that would be helpful as it took my peers and I some time to figure out the assignments were within the book. Also, for the upcoming project, some more experience with new programs like Replet and what we need to do would be useful."
dave59	"Overall I enjoy this course a lot since it trains the students how to be ready in this new AI world and how it will be applied to all fields like finance, the professor does a really good job on getting the main point across and how we should be solving problems using AI as a tool not as a crutch."
david54	"The good in this class is the use of AI. I think it's good to start getting more familiar with AI because in the future, AI is going to become more and more common. I wish they would provide more instruction. I feel we are mostly in class, we are told to do a lot of things, but not explained how we should do it, and the same with assignments, we aren't given instructions, we just have to read the textbook and figure it out.  Some feedback in the course is that I like the outline of the class, having just one assignment a week, and having no exams. As a bad exam taker, I can benefit from not having to take more exams."
dedhiaj	"I have really enjoyed MGMT 310 so far. One interesting thing about the course is that it uses AI tools in lectures and for homework. This has made even the most complicated financial notions much easier to understand and relate to.I think I now understand how and why people make financial decisions instead of just memorizing formulas. The AI integration has also given me useful tips on how to build and analyze projects more quickly. It has let me try out a lot of different situations, test models, and get quick feedback on what I've done. This method has made the course more interesting overall and has added a lot to my learning this semester. My wish-list would involve more projects like mini project 1"
dejesus3	"The Good: One thing I really appreciated about this course is that the material was easy to find and understand. The way the resources were laid out made it simple to follow along, and the explanations helped me grasp the concepts without feeling lost.   The Bad: The course felt a little too long at times. Not in a negative way, since the material was useful, but it sometimes seemed like it could have been a little more condensed without losing quality.   The Wish List: I would have liked to receive more feedback on assignments. Having more detailed comments or suggestions would have helped me understand exactly what I was doing well and where I could improve for future work.   In My Own Words: Overall, I think the course was well-organized and very manageable. The content was clear and accessible, and I was able to follow along without issues. The main improvements I would suggest are shortening some parts of the course and adding more feedback on assignments to make the learning process even stronger."
dillinga	"I appreciate the flexibility of the projects and the lectures. For me, the python calculations in the textbook we focus on in class can be hard to understand because they don't necessarily show the steps for solving. I appreciate when the professor performs the calculations on the white board. The projects are where I feel like I'm most learning and am able to work through the formulas."
rdinn	"Loop 1: https://6d5293b1-b74a-4be0-96bb-95e726814e66-00-1gc2md0fu7zz1.spock.replit.dev/   Loop 2: https://6d5293b1-b74a-4be0-96bb-95e726814e66-00-1gc2md0fu7zz1.spock.replit.dev/   Loop 1: What I built and what I learned For the first loop, I made a simple Rule of 72 calculator. It just had one box for the interest rate and a button that showed the result. The page looked basic and had no style, but it worked and gave the right answer. I learned that the hardest part is just getting something on the screen, and once that happens, it's not as bad to improve it.   Loop 2: What I improved and why In the second loop, I added some styling so it looked cleaner and easier to use. I also made it check for bad inputs, like negative numbers or zero. Then I added another calculator for Present Value, since that's another concept from class that made sense to include. These changes fixed the biggest problems from the first version and made the tool more useful overall.   Overall: Biggest surprise about building with AI The biggest surprise was how fast I could get something working with AI. I still needed to know the finance formulas, but AI handled most of the coding. It showed me that even without being a programmer, I can actually build something that works."
dodson22	"Most of the time, my peers and I feel very lost during class because we do not understand what is being said. The professor's voice seems to be quiet but speaks at a rapid pace, so it is difficult to catch key points and follow the topic's progression in class. It would be helpful if the professor could project their voice more and provide additional examples to clarify some of the class material. This would make it easier for my peers and I to feel fully engaged in class. However, the peer collaboration is very helpful as well as making videos to regurgitate the information we talked about in class."
jdragoni	"Hi there,    Some feedback that I had about the course is that I really like the actual class participation and examples that are used, as it makes it feel like an actual conversation and that there is some real world application to the things we are discussing in the class room. I also like using AI in class and being encouraged to use it, as well as learning more about the prompts to give to it to get a detailed answer. I feel like this will be important in the future.    However, I don't as much like the recorded video assignments, as I feel like there is a lot of room for technical difficulties and error that could take off points. I get that it is a good way to show off what we know in real time, but at the same time it doesn't feel like a good way of learning the work, especially since AI has a big part in doing the work for us and I feel like that sometimes takes away from the learning. I think assignments where we are given clearer instructions and can use AI to learn more about it without having to record a YouTube video would be more beneficial and less troubling for lots of students.    Also with AI, I also don't feel like it has helped with my learning of finance so far I am definitely learning the concepts, but the heavy emphasis on AI and being on our own to generate all these answers without much guidance has been a little bit confusing for me. I wish some of the things we were being taught in class were a little bit more clear.    I hope that we can actually go through more specifics of content rather than be told about this stuff for a couple of minutes before telling AI to throw it into a Colab worksheet and then explaining it for the assignments where I feel like there is not much guidance.    I like learning with AI, and I am sure that it will be a huge part of society and the work that we do as business students, but I don't really feel like I am learning much about finance in this class, but rather more about how to use AI, and I want to put more emphasis on learning about finance. Overall though, I think this class has been going well so far."
debadi	"- The good: I like how you encourage us to use AI and maximize it, it's realistic and very applicable to the work force    - Wish List: Slightly more interactive class   -Good overall, enjoy realistic uses of computer tools and software, very transferable"
echevem	"Good I really like that each class introduces something new and keeps the material engaging. The reports are helpful because they make me reflect on what we learned, and the videos are a good way to reinforce the ideas. Having to explain what we did in class through video also helps me memorize the content and retain the information week by week.   Bad The only downside for me is the requirement to upload the videos on YouTube. While I see the value in using the platform, I personally don't enjoy uploading content there. It's not a major issue, just more of a personal preference.   Wishlist and Feedback Looking ahead, I think it would be great if we had more activities outside of the classroom, such as group interactions or meetings in different parts of campus. Overall, I enjoy the class a lot, and I feel like the structure makes sure we are always learning and actively applying the material in meaningful ways."
seichsta	This class I feel is very important. I like how you constantly relate things to the real world and have a genuine care about your students success. I have nothing bad to say about this course.
neldi	"I  appreciate the integration of computing software and AI in assisting us with financial equations and concepts. This mirrors real-world trends, where organizations are increasingly leveraging AI and other related technologies to maximize their efficiency. I also agree with what you said in the last class regarding your Friday conference. You mentioned that becoming proficient with various AI tools and software will give us a significant advantage over peers from other universities. The reality is that technology evolves rapidly, and the educational system is often slow to adapt.   I value the level of engagement and participation during lectures. However, at times, the main point of the discussion can become obscured, which occasionally disrupts the lecture's flow.   I do not have a wish list that comes to mind that would be practical for the class.    I really enjoy your enthusiasm and love of financial management!"
aemenhi	"I am a big fan of the new framework of learning, DRIVER. I am so used to working on a problem to get the solution without thinking about the process of getting there. This new way of teaching has allowed me to think more critically about the work I am doing. This has allowed for a deeper understanding of the material. With that being said, something that I think has been difficult is understanding what is expected of us when it comes to our assignments. I think a grading criterion that is a little clearer would be beneficial. However, I understand that when we get a real job, we won't have the luxury of a grading scale, so having a little room for interpretation can be commendable. A single word for my feedback would be content."
eenav	This is the first class that I've taken that is heavily encouraging me to use AI with my work and I am enjoying it. I think these are skills that are necessary to learn in today's age of AI. At times I feel uncomfortable adapting to AI but I know that stepping into that uncomfortable area is good for me. I don't have any wishes but I am enjoying the class thank you.
bmengels	"So far this semester, this course has gone well overall! I've enjoyed getting to learn how AI is involved in the world of Financial Management, as this pertains to the world we're evolving into. However, I personally would like to see more in person written Financial Management ""problems"" given out on paper handouts that myself and the rest of the class could work on. I believe this way of ""learning"" still is prominent, and should be used in balance with AI.   Overall, this has been a great start to the semester!"
evans596	The good - No exams - Good classmates   The bad - Unclear instructions - Classtime not constructed to truly help with assignments   Wishlist - Class is correlated with assignments - Clearer instructions
ffacente	"The Good: I enjoy using this new AI learning type of way to better prepare myself for the financial industry post college   The Bad:  The learning curve for some of the more complex AI platforms is hard to understand. Like why some ai chatbots are used over others.    The Wish List: I wish we had more case studies directly comparing the results from an AI tool against traditional financial analysis methods. (I guess like why AI is better than traditional)   The Feedback in Your Own Words: Overall, this AI-integrated approach is a valuable and forward-thinking way to learn finance. The practical exposure to AI applications is highly relevant for a future career I would like to pursue. More guided practice on advanced applications and comparing AI vs. traditional methods would make it even stronger"
foste304	"This class seems decently organized; however I am finding it really difficult to follow along with all of the coding and requirements. I often find myself stressed out and trying to teach myself what is needed for each recorded assignment. I enjoy seeing everybody in class and listening to the lectures because they are engaging and entertaining, which helps all of us pay attention."
franc103	"I like the unique homework which challenges us to present our learning and knowledge in a new way. The only thing I wish is that the class is more organised in the sense that we are told what it is that we are learning and how it relates to other topics. It is sometimes confusing to understand what it is that we are working toward understanding. Additionally, the explanations provided in class can be a bit clearer."
freem174	"- I like how we don't have exams and how it is more project based. I do not like how much we are supposed to use AI, I feel like I'm not fully understanding the concepts. It's hard for me to explain the code because I don't really know how to code.  - I wish that we did less coding.  - I wish that there was more diagrams and examples.  - The class is not too hard to follow, but the assignments can be confusing sometimes. I feel like we could use more information on how to code and interpret the visual financial models our code displays.  -"
fu450	"I think the class is good, a lots of things to practice about, and I feel like I learned more when I make the video. So I don't think there are actually a bad part. And I get to know my learning partner through the process, I could ask her questions and learn together, so I think all in all it's pretty good, nothing to complain about."
gaddam10	"- I appreciate how the class is interactive and how we work on the problems in the textbook together. I also like how we incorporate current financial events into our class discussions.   - I would like if we spent more time going over the information before discussing it, just to refresh our knowledge from prior financial courses.   - I like how by making videos talking about different aspects of finance, we can remember the information better and learn how to communicate it to others."
garlana	I really like the incorporation of google gemini and google colab to help aid us in our learning of the course. I like that we are learning how to properly prompt AI to help us in our learning and understanding while we take the drivers seat. I really like learning with the DRIVER method as it helps me to organize my thoughts. I am struggling a little to understand all the material taught in class fully. Some of the cases in the textbook don't really make sense to me and I would like for there to be more explanation.  I wish that there was more instruction on how to succeed on the WVA's and what specifically the TA's and the professor are looking for. I would like there to be a bit more instruction on assignments given through the textbook so I can better understand and apply concepts learned in class.
garris26	"I like the way this course is structured. I especially enjoy the video assignments because they give me a chance to explain my understanding of different topics we are learning, for instance, the time value of money. I also enjoy the interactive lectures where we can discuss in groups to understand certain functions or code."
gascho	"The good about the class:   The Driver framework makes learning finance more structed and hands-on. We actually get to practice financial modeling and problem-solving —not just memorization.  It builds confidence for students who want to be leaders or decision-makers, even outside of finance.   I wouldn't say there is anything bad about the class   The wish List: Maybe more real-world guest speakers More practice with excel since its used a lot in the workplace."
rgilber	"I really enjoy the use of AI, I feel it is important to be able to leverage the tools around to complete tasks. I wish that we would spend more in class time working on the weekly video assignments. Overall i am really enjoying the course."
mgjorses	"I would say for the good, I enjoy how the addition of coding and showing us how to use Gemini, as I have never used that before. The bad, sometimes I feel the grading on the homework is harsh. I feel as if I explain it all to the best of my ability, and I always get a good amount of points off.    The first thing on my wishlist would be for a greater explanation for each assignment. I feel like I never fully know what to do for my assignments before or while I do them. For example, we have our first mini project due this weekend, and I will not be here so I want to do it ahead of time, but I do not actually know what to do.    For feedback, I would say focus less on making students answer rather than properly explaining the lecture. There have been many lectures that I have walked out of feeling very confused or as if I did not learn much during that class. I would think explaining the ideas would be the most important thing especially if there are no exams to test our knowledge."
sgogula	I really enjoy the layout of this course. Using the DRIVER framework is helping me accurately solve the situations. I like the fact that we are allowed to use AI in order to enhance our learning.
gomez281	"So far, I have enjoyed the MGMT 310000 class with Dr. Zhang. It is a class where I have learnt a lot, from core concepts to how to apply them to the tasks we have to do. What I like the most about the class is when we connect what we have learnt or base our learning in real world scenarios. It is really cool to see how the things that we see translate to the real world cases in the finance field, as well as in general aspects of our day to day life.  I prefer when the classes are entertaining and there are always things happening, as I feel that it ensures our attention and avoids people getting distracted. Although I know they are necessary, I don't really like the classes where it is all concepts, formulas, reading and just going through basic information, and I tend to wander off in those types of sessions.  Overall I think it is a cool class where I am learning lots of new things that I had not explored before, and although it has some improving points, I like it and am looking forward to what is to come the rest of the semester."
agorokho	"This class is extremely low-stress, which I appreciate given the current course load I im under. I think that a greater emphasis on understanding coding languages, ratios, and business terminology, rather than solely on AI, could benefit us as students, as it would provide a more holistic education in financial management."
gross132	"To start off, I really enjoy the way that you teach. I think the way that you just cold call on people is very beneficial for all students to understand the material at hand. Additionally, I really like the way that we utilize AI as a tool for our learning. It will obviously play a big part in our jobs and education in the future, and it is a really good idea to allow us as students to get familiar with it. To be honest I don't really have anything bad to say about the class. I guess the one critique I have is I wish there were some more technical application examples in class. What I mean by this is like using prompts to help us understand the topic further. I understand that we do this for our homework videos, but I think it could help further instill the topics into our heads. I don't really have anything on my wish list. I am excited for the mini projects and the final project at the end of the semester. In my opinion, I think projects are better for practical experience and gaining knowledge than tests. It makes you do your own research and find solutions through trial and error. So, I would say, keep teaching the way you are!"
guadara	"Overall the course has helped me gain knowledge in financial management and principles in managing finances, such at TVM future value vs present value and how to decide on smart investment decisions. I really appreciate integrating programming with financial concepts that help me understand and learn better.  Using Python and Google Gemini to calculate TVM, present value, future value, and analyze financial statements makes the learning very practical and hands-on. It could help to include a few more step-by-step examples showing how the code reflects the financial calculations, especially for beginners in programming. I wish to see a video perhaps where you break down step by step walkthroughs of the assignments after they are complete to see how a professional would use google Gemini and python to their advantage. I'd wish to see more what if scenarios that we could experiment more in. Lastly I'd suggest that you would share more industry examples where data analysis is used in financial roles."
gupt1107	"I wish that there was a little bit more talking about explaining how the initial conversations we have at the beginning of class connect to when we go through the information in the textbook. I like the conversations because it gives me background knowledge about things but am unsure on whether I should or should not connecting it to the information in the textbook to the detail I think I should be. Regardless of that, its a long class so I appreciate how the professor tries to keep us engaged as much as possible!"
ghannon	"The good thing about this class is that there are no surprises. I know what I have to do in terms of assignments, and we are given a good amount of time to complete them. I also like how the professor gives good feedback after every assignment, so that I know what I need to work on. The only real criticism I have had so far is that at the beginning, it was hard to understand exactly how the professor wanted me to go about doing the assignments. I would say explain the first assignment more thoroughly, so the class can get a better idea of how they should go about doing the assignments. I will say now that I have done the first assignment, I know what is expected of me."
lhardymo	"1. The good, the bad; Good: I like how the class is interactive and that we have projects based on what we're learning about instead of just memorizing stuff for exams.   Bad: I think randomly calling on people during class leads to a lot of nervousness and people not wanting to participate. I think just asking volunteers for questions would lead to increased participation.   2. The wish list I don't really have anything that I would wish to be added to the class   3. The feedback in your own word I pretty much said everything I wanted to say in the first question"
haynes33	So far the class seems structured well. It was overwhelming at first but the weekly reading and class time do enough to prep students for the required weekly assignments.
gjhennin	I would say I do like that we put into practice what we learn through the lecture into colab. I don't like that the course is driven through all online coding and what not i think it's harder to interpret the financial management topics and feels more like an AI course than a management course. I do enjoy your teaching and think you do a good job in what you need to teach us!
higbieh	"1) I enjoy creating code and doing financial analysis on the examples given.   2) I want to get further into financial concepts and learn more about important concepts more than just creating code for it, I'd just like to dive deeper.   3) I enjoy this class, and I am excited to keep learning about finance concepts."
hindsj	"I think the course is very unique and different from the rest of the courses, which makes it stand out and more engaging to learn from. Sometimes, it can be hard to follow some times though as everything in class is more open ended. I think it would help me personally if there was more direct tasks to do for the sessions. We are given all of the information right at the start of the assignment section, however I feel it would be nice to have it include key points or goals that are needed to be explained in the video for the according session. I think actually learning in this class is a lot easier than most classes as its more interactive so I have a positive image on the course."
ghubertz	"The good in this class is using the DRIVER method, how to make python code, and using AI. The bad is at times I feel like the instructions are either lacking or confusing when completing assignments. A wish list would be to have the instructions be more clear on how to complete the tasks."
chuisman	"I really enjoy the content and the style of this course so far. The professor takes extra care to get his students involved in discussion with each other and the whole class. The AI implementation is additionally very advantageous, and I believe the professor truly wants his students to feel confident in their abilities to build with AI. Overall, I am enjoying this class and I hope to learn more advanced methods of managing finance with AI assistance and also just AI usage in general"
jain789	I really like the set up of the course. I think understanding what we need to do is very clear. Obviously love the fact that we have no exams in the class. Sometimes what we cover in class can be a bit confusing but professor make sure to answer any questions anyone has. Also we have a mini project coming up and I dont really understand what to do and what is required of us. I wouldn't say I have a wish list. I like the weekly session assignments and mini projects with due date timelines so we can prepare in advance. It is nice to know that we have drops as well. I like the overall structure of the class. It is organized and well maintained. I would definelty suggest a friend to take this class with Professor Zhang.
ojanaman	"I have really enjoyed my time in MGMT 31000 so far this semester, as it has been a great introductory course for my Finance minor. I have enjoyed learning the finance concepts being taught in this class, and I appreciate the programming aspect of the class because it's very hands on work of finance and AI as used in the real world. I enjoy as it is in a window into the realm of financial engineering and data driven decisions with financial data. Professor Zhang is a very friendly and entertaining instructor for our class, and he makes class very engaging and interactive always gaining student interaction as he teaches. Since I am an Indianapolis student, our section of the class is once a week for 3 hours which I find is very long and intense to go through since it's a week of content in 3 hours. Also, I find the course really easy and believe that I could easily learn the lecture content asynchronously at my leisure due to the nature of how the course is structured. Overall, I would say that I look forward to MGMT 31000 every week and enjoy the people, professor, and content of the class."
njeknic	"Overall, the course has been very informational when it comes to communicating through other applications such as Linkedin, emails, and facebook. It is important to incorporate honesty, transparency, fairness, consistency, and responsibility. Some issues within the course include technology issues and learning multiple ways of using AI. I would consider adding extra articles in order to provide us with more feedback and insights."
njeknic	"Overall this course has been very informational for me, since I have learned new ways of using AI/Google Colab. The Lecture videos are very informational for me, and have taught me new ways of using calculating financial statements such as PV/ FT. For this class, I would like new activities to be incorporated such as in class activities where we can work together, and try different methods of coding as well. Lastly, it would be great if we discovered new ways of praticing our capstone projects."
ajervis	"For me the good of this class has been learning financial management and how to implement this in AI, like with Google Gemini and Python codes because learning this is crucial for the professional life. My wish list is to start doing more exercises of finance without including AI sometimes and just learn concepts and then implement them. I am really enjoying this course and believe all the things I am learning are really valuable for my professional life."
john3952	"Good - the interactive elements, putting students on the spots, encouraging us to explore certain concepts beyond what's required of us.  Bad - the textbook, the fact that we're focusing too much on AI and not on financial concepts.  Wishlist: Please focus more on finance, and deprioritize the DRIVER app."
kim4574	"Good: - Very applicable insights were given throughout each lesson (real-life case studies used in almost every class) that should inform our professional pursuits. - Learning new technologies that will likely be used in future jobs and internships.   Room for Improvement: - More structure to the course would be helpful in showing us what we can expect to take away from each lesson.   Wish List: - Going over the fundamentals of each topic before implementing AI in order to develop a more solid understanding of each topic. - More interaction with classmates! I like it when we split up for a few minutes to discuss something together instead of just being talked to, and then reconvening after a discussion with partners.   Overall Takeaways: - This course has definitely widened my perspective on how I should be positioning myself in the business realm. It has made me consider my compatibility with AI and the importance AI will play in every aspect of business."
krame144	"The good of this class: The instructor is very kind and funny. I like working with my peers in this class. I actually really like the idea of recording ourselves and posting it on Brightspace for our assignments. Talking through the homework makes me understand the lesson more.   The bad of this class: My peers and I feel very lost in this class. I know what topics we are discussing during class, but I have no idea what anything means. I feel as though it is a bunch of rambling, and we are not given any formulas or anything to study/practice. I am absolutely lost when we bring in Python and Google Collab. I wish we could eliminate the coding and dive more into the topics in class."
ckubly	"I like how in class we are encouraged to collaborate with the people around us. The only thing I would recommend is to discuss the homework and projects a bit more. I get leaving it up to our interpretation to see what we do with the assignment, but a little direction might yield better outcomes."
tkukrej	"I really liked this course, it has an interactive way of teaching us. I liked that we are using AI in this course that will help us in the real world. I also liked the concept of creating videos each week, as teaching someone really helps in learning."
kuper	I really enjoy the way this course is being taught. This course is very intriguing to me. It is super interactive and the way it is teaching you how to prompt AI. I don't have any negative feedback for this course and I really enjoy the material we are learning.
ajkurtz	I feel as if the AI integration is very helpful for the most part. But sometimes I think just using a powerpoint to explain key terms and formulas that we need to know would be helpful at times.
kwon273	"Good thing of this course is there is no textbook fee. Even though I do not need to pay for it, there are a lot of information about financial thing. Also, I can keep focusing on the class because professor keeps asking student questions. It was little bit pressure in the beginning of this semester, but it helped me a lot to concentrate what professor says. One bad thing I want to tell you is I sometimes miss what he talks about. If he go with the textbook in class, it would be much better to understand and follow what he says."
lee4972	"So far, I am happy with it; the teaching is good, and I am actually learning a lot!  I sometimes wish, though, that I had a better understanding of what we are supposed to be doing in class, because we move quickly. If there were just a clear topic that you wanted us to discuss during a class, I wish you could clarify it.  But besides that, I think you are doing good and I am really excited for the rest of this semester"
lee4991	Good:  - I like how engaging the course is. The lectures are interesting and lively given the topic and an enjoyable experience. - I like the topics of our assignments and the course. Bad: - More structure or clearers instructions on our assignments.  - Feedback received in a timely manner (before the next assignment) to make sure we don't make the same mistake twice.  - Clearer due dates WishList:  - More examples of what's expected in the videos/projects Other feedback: - I've really enjoyed the course so far and its relation to AI!
alenig	"I'm not a huge fan of the assignment videos we do and the way they incorporate ai. I feel like it hurts learning the actual content we have, and even though learning how to prompt and use ai to our advantage is important, I don't feel like this is the best way. I am personally more of a fan of using homework assignments to learn, and then testing that knowledge on an exam. That being said, I do at least think introducing us to something like colab is good. Learning how to use ai to your advantage is very useful. I also wish there was a little more instructions on the assignment videos, as sometimes I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to be covering."
eliban	"I think that the course offers something new in terms of being able to do financial management with Python; however, I would appreciate it if there were readings prior to or after the class. I sometimes cannot follow a few terms or processes because they are not directly stated within the textbook or lack in-depth explanations in the textbook (the one we use in class). I do appreciate the format of the homework and your providing the recordings of each class."
liu4182	"One of the things I really appreciated about this course is how it integrates traditional topics like economics and accounting with modern technologies like artificial intelligence. This combination is not only intellectually engaging, but also highly relevant to the direction of future economic development in the digital age. However, I did find that some of the assignments were a bit difficult to approach at first. At times, it felt unclear where or how to begin. It would be helpful if we could have a bit more guidance before starting each assignment—perhaps a short example, outline, or clarification of expectations. Alternatively, seeing an example after we've submitted the assignment would also be valuable for learning and improvement. Overall, I found the course content forward-looking and meaningful, and I believe it has the potential to become even more impactful with a few small adjustments to the assignment process."
liu4186	"Good: The professor explained the key points very clearly. Bad: The project and assignments were a bit difficult. It felt like I was taught arithmetic in class, and then the homework asked me to come up with practical application questions myself. When writing assignments and projects, I feel overwhelmed and need to think carefully, which takes a long time to complete. I hope the professor can provide more guidance and teaching on mini projects. The assignment does not need to be explained, as it is quite clear in the textbook."
lopez613	The class is thorough and interesting. So far so good.
lyu147	"I think you are very fun and explain the concepts pretty well, I love the assignment format, and I can't really think of anything bad to say. Maybe one area of potential improvement for this class would perhaps be covering some of the key techniques we'll need to complete the assignment. The assignment sometimes requires techniques not covered before, and I'm not really sure whether I did them right:( Overall, I love this class so far, although I initially thought it would be challenging, you helped me understand everything so far and I feel that I've been doing pretty well."
cmainvil	This course has been insightful for seeing how my career is developing in real time. I appreciate the lengths you go to make sure we all are kept up and learning the right things for our future.
amandhad	"Overall, I really like this class. We learn a lot of new important financial concepts and I love how we use AI to enhance our learning and applications. If I had to change one thing, I feel like I'm always scared I'll randomly be picked on when I don't have an answer. I tend to enjoy listening and absorbing knowledge, and I am happy to questions if I know the answer but otherwise I don't enjoy being put on the spot. I also think that I enjoy lectures more when I hear the teacher speaking as he is very informative and engaging. When other people answer sometimes they answer correctly but many times it's wrong so it also get's confusing. Overall, I like the class and assignments very much. I feel like I've learned so much."
mangal2	"I like the way the course is designed in terms of the ability to use AI and videos to kind of present my understanding and learning. I think one thing that I believe would help might be some sort of summary sheet/review sheet of each weeks learning, like a doc each week that kind of summarizes the concepts we covered each week and why they are important."
amanick	- I would like to learn more about the code rather than using 100% ai. I feel like i dont know much about the actual financial management tools we are supposed to learn.
marsh86	"So far for me I am having a hard time understanding the material. I took both accounting and Econ classes prior to this but my mind has never really worked that way and both those classes were very confusing to me, as well as this class. I have a hard time following along in class without slides or notes and only following the book. The structure can be a bit confusing at times as well, because there is no slides or anything really specific. I also have a hard time understanding the assignments, it can be hard to understand what exactly I'm supposed to do and how I should go about doing it. Overall I'm just confused.   I don't have anything specific on my wishlist, but I'm hoping to just get through the class with as much clarity as possible and get a decent grade."
am156	"The good: I appreciate how much freedom we have with our assignments and that we don't have exams.   the bad: I sometimes struggle with the transcription part of our video, and sometimes class seems to drag on, repeating the same material throughout the duration of the class.   wishlist: I wish we didn't have to upload our video to the internet, where it will live forever.   I like the direct aspect of what the class entails; however, I wish it followed its direct structure and did not elongate the class because of repetition."
mccar169	"The good: I really appreciate how normalized AI is in the course. Some other teachers try to sweep it under the rug and keep the same practices that they are used too. But the truth is AI is our future and getting used to it in our college classes is a perfect place to start, in my opinion. I also enjoy that you record your classes and allow for those who miss them to watch them and still make up missed class time.  The bad: Honestly nothing really comes to mind immediately. Maybe I would say how often there are assignments due, but that could just be because I am a senior now and my schedule really lightened up so your class just appears to have more work than my other ones.  Wish List: A new car ! I just kidding I really do not have anything to add."
mcnama34	I would like to start of by saying I am enjoying the course so far. The AI integration is extremely interesting to me and I fully agree that it is the future. I feel I have a lot to learn from this class. I will say it did throw me off a bit in the beginning because the course was not quite what I was expecting. I'm not really sure if there is any change to make to this and it is most likely my fault for not knowing.
fmenende	"The good   I really like how the class is teaching the financial basics and how we can use AI to potent our financial skills and knowledge to keep improving and create stuff that willl helps us a lot in our future.   Learning how to decide if a project is a good idea (NPV) feels like a real skill I can use.   The topics connect well, so what we learned last week helps with what we're doing now.   the bad Sometimes the amount of new information feels like a lot to keep up with.    Feedback I hope we get to continue looking at real companies and apply these ideas to them and I am looking forward to connecting all these concepts together as the class continues."
pmeshra	"The Good: I really like how the professor has embraced AI and made it a part of the class. It makes the learning feel very future oriented and relevant. The fact that he's teaching from his own book adds a personal touch, and the class feels well-structured with clear expectations. That makes it easy to follow and enjoyable.   The Bad: Honestly, I don't really see anything bad about the course.   The Wish List: I don't have a wish list right now. The class already feels complete and engaging as it is.   Feedback in My Own Words: I'm genuinely enjoying this class. It's engaging, clear, and I feel like I'm learning in a way that prepares me for the future. I really appreciate the effort the professor puts into making the class meaningful."
mitra69	"I like that we focus on AI integration with our finance/accounting concepts, and the video homework helps me understand the content better because it's like I am teaching someone else. I wish that we could have more group projects for some of the assignments."
montg126	"This course is very interesting to me. I believe that learning how to prompt ai is very important because we as a society are starting to incorporate ai in all of our life aspects. I also am a finance major so learning topics such as time value money, the different financial statements, as well as different valuations are very important to me and my future from a professional standpoint. Moving forward, I hope to learn more about personal finance and how to proceed forward with the apps we are making. In project one, I really enjoyed creating using ai and want to learn the next steps that are possible in publishing apps. I also wish we had more direction in our assignments. Reading the textbooks, we have an idea of what the assignments consist of however, don't necessarily know what our submissions should look like."
jmorenom	"I've really enjoyed this finance class. I like that we're not just learning concepts, but also how to apply them in real life. The lessons make it easier to understand how finance works in everyday situations, like budgeting, managing credit, and planning for the future. I also appreciate how the course breaks things down in a clear way, so even complicated topics feel easier to grasp. Learning about financial decision-making and how to use these tools in our personal lives or careers has been especially helpful. Overall, it's a practical and engaging course that teaches useful skills I can actually apply."
gmultan	"This course is good, I'm starting to get more interested in it as we go by. I like how the professor speaks on things we will need in the future"
jmunkhol	"What I like about this course is that it kind of allows you to learn the topics in your own way by the help of ai, because the prompts you enter are personalied to what you want to get out of them. I also like the way we do assignments because I feel like it has actually forced me to understand the material in a great way. sometimes this class can feel a little disorganized or just confusing but not too bad at all, some of the tecnical submission parts were hard at the start. Some things i wish is that the assignments weren't so hard to submit aka a long processes and that the assignments were more standardized with the due dates not moving. Other then that though this class has been very useful and i have enjoyed it!"
mmunkhol	"The good: I like the interactive way of instructing that you do in class, I think it helps people be engaged and increases our learning.   The bad: I guess sometimes the assignment instructions are a little hard to find or understand, so that can get a little confusing.   Wish List: Improve my understanding of financial management, continue to get assignments done on time, and to just have resources at my hand to be able to problem solve.    My overall feedback is to just make the assignments more clear, but other than that I feel like the class is going really good!"
myers542	"The course lacks a clear structure, and the teacher often rambles, making it difficult to follow what's being said. It's especially confusing that the teacher said he isn't teaching finance or management, but rather AI and coding. The entire course feels poorly designed, and having to present on topics you don't fully understand is not a good learning method."
navarr87	"I really enjoy how interactive the professor is. In each class session, he makes sure to ask multiple students sitting in multiple locations for their opinions or answers to questions regarding the topic. I also like how we are interacting with other students when doing the session readings and discussing questions from the concepts taught.    My wish list for this course is for the professor to clearly explain the session assignments or mini projects. I understand that the instructions are in the book, but I feel like it would be useful for students who are forgetful if those assignments were mentioned in the lecture more often.   My overall feedback is that I extremely enjoy the design and structure of this class because of how AI-oriented it is, which is very good because AI is the future. I would additionally just give feedback by giving a further emphasis on the explanation of the weekly assignments during lecture; however, I am enjoying the course overall thus far."
ng216	"It's okay. I would wish for Professor Zhang can be more clear and specific on the topic we are learning because sometimes it can be confusing. However, I love the passion and effort from Professor Zhang."
nicho307	"I've enjoyed this course and its approach so far! It is definitely unique to any other classes I have taken at Purdue. One thing I wish was improved is that while I do appreciate the assignment feedback, it's hard to tell what exactly resulted in points off. I can't recognize the difference between tips for future projects as we get more involved in coding and make more complex things versus things that I should have improved on my submission. Also, the syllabus says that each assignment is 100 points, but they are 102 points in Brightspace (not sure if this really matters). But overall, I have enjoyed this course so far and all the technical applications and I feel it has improved my approach to using AI."
oros0	"I enjoy how you incorporate ai into your course. You are one of the only professors that understands that AI will eventually take over and we have to learn how to deal with it in an efficient and effective manner. I think understanding your explanation on things is a little hard but overall, you have a great personality, and I enjoy coming to class."
oros0	"U do a really good job interacting with the class. I feel like the lectures are a little broad sometimes, but overall, its going well"
spaguia	"I like how you teach us how to use open AI sources and have introduced me to new AI platforms I would not have known otherwise. I do like the assignments because I feel like they are truly prepping me for my future career as a financial analyst, having to explain/interpret code for others that may not quite understand.   I like that the class is interactive, but I do not think that cold calling people is the best solution sometimes. Or if you do cold call people it is sometimes discouraging when you flat out tell them their answers are bad, instead I think you can help navigate them to the correct response. I think this will truly help with class participation as well.    My wish list would be maybe how to integrate exactly when and how we would use the situations and problems in the real world, I think it is important to understand the  why behind what we are doing."
cjparmer	Most everything is good. I wish there was more explanation on the assignment and what you are looking for.
parrettj	"The good, I really enjoy the structure of the class. I learn best by teaching others and making a video explaining my work helps me learn. I also enjoy the AI integration in the class. Especially in the Finance world, this is a very useful skill to learn.    The bad, I wish the objectives for each class was more clear. It can be hard to follow what we are discussing although the textbook does help.   I wish to learn more about Asset Building. I am not sure if that is involved in the class, but if it is I would be very happy to learn how to leverage assets.    The class structure is one of my favorites of all my classes, but I wish the objectives were clearer for class."
dpasupu	"I really enjoy that we are learning the material through projects rather than traditional lectures and exams. I find this style of class very engaging.   One thing I would appreciate is having a bit more structure in the conceptual learning and daily schedule so it feels more predictable. For example, starting the week (Monday/Tuesday) with key concepts and definitions, and then moving toward applying them in real-world contexts by Friday.   It would also be helpful to receive some in-class guidance on how to go deeper in our analysis. On my driver assignments, I often get feedback that I could provide more in-depth analysis, so tips or examples on how to strengthen this skill would be very valuable."
dpasupu	"My learning partner was Sri. In today's class, we had a discussion about TMV, as well as its real world applications. During our independant work time, we discussed web applications and app deployment in relation to the Mini Project 1. Overall, I had a good week academically, and I hope to gain a deeper understanding of stock valuation into next week."
pate2233	"I really like the structure of the course. It is much different from the traditional course layout and makes the course a lot more interesting. Right now, there are a lot of different AI's being launched and we should use them to our advantage to make our lives easier by helping us understand stuff better and faster. This course does just that.   The wish list would probably be allow a day (Monday) to let the students read the textbook and answer questions with their learning partner. Then on Wednesday, to answer any questions that the students have and ask questions to the students to check their understanding. Then on Friday, do an activity to check their knowledge and make sure the students are actually learning the material and answer/ask questions during the class period as well."
pate2347	"The conent of the course seems very interesting, the lectures in class can be a bit confusing , the assignments are sometimes hard to understand. However, The implemention of AI in the class is exciting as we move into a more AI driven world"
patil173	"The good- I really the way the professor has framed the class with explaining and letting us do a lot of practical learning and not just read from a textbook and memorise it. I think we learn better with practical learning.    The bad- So far the course is going really well for me, I would just say I find it pretty confusing doing the assignments and project since the professor explains very less of what we are supposed to do.   The wish list- Echoing the above point, I would love to see the professor explaining the assignments in a elaborate way to complete the assignments.    The feedback in my own word- Overall, I really like the course and the way it's set up since it makes it really useful to learn he concepts the professor wants to teach. I also like the fact that he decided to incorporate AI tools in our class since as the world develops in terms of technology, the students should be taught how to work with them in future."
jpatinoj	"I like the class and collaboration. One thing that could be approved is the clearness of instructions on assignments, some of the requirements can be confusing."
patte269	I liked how the practice exam was very similar to the actually one. No real complaints.
mpellet	"- I really like how the professor gives us feedback directly on our homework. It makes the class feel personable and makes me want to try my best in his class. - Sometimes I lack understanding of concepts in class however, the online textbook and the use of Ai always guide me in the right direction - I love that you integrate Ai because I think it is the future. Some of my non businesses classes are very against it however I think it is a very powerful tool when used correctly."
perezcj	1. This class has been very informative on prompting artificial intelligence as well as requiring high levels of problem solving. Another good part of this class is how involved the projects are. One bad thing is I feel that AI is doing all the teaching and that sometimes we are stuck on a simple topic for too long. 2. I wish this class had some more group work aside from the peer learning activities.  3. Overall this class has been enjoyable and I have been developing lots of new skills and critical thinking skills. I feel like this class will definitely be beneficial especially with AI developing so rapidly.
cpiekars	"MGMT 310 has been a great course so far offering real world situations and problems that you may have to deal with when you have a job. I like how you are able to be creative and use AI to your benefit as most classes teach you to not use it. I see it as a very helpful tool when it comes to not only learning, but also problem-solving in the real world. I also like how the class is interactive by doing partner activities in class and being able to talk to other people about problems. I like this because that way we both can combine our ideas together to make the best outcomes. The only thing I am not a huge fan of in this course is being called on randomly as I feel that if I do have something to say I will advocate for myself by raising my hand. Other than that I feel that this course is very good and it feels as though it actually prepares you for real world issues."
spinnam	Hi there! I wish class was constructed in more of a direct manner. Maybe we would be talking about the topic for each class and then do practice problems. Or try and figure out whats the finanicial part of the lesson and then the AI part of the lesson.
gcpittma	"I think the course is beneficial in the financial world. I have trouble understanding the importance of using AI and coding to learn and carry out the financial management aspects. I feel as though the course isn't so much about learning financial management concepts as it is learning how to use AI to do these concepts for you. I enjoy learning how to be financially intelligent, and I believe the class is teaching me how to use AI to become financially literate. The class has definitely helped me better use AI as a resource, especially through the implementation of the DRIVER concept. I sometimes find myself struggling to realize how the course relates to my Construction Management major and why it's required."
jpolacki	"I have really enjoyed the example problems and real world situations we cover in lecture and in class. I wish that class had had more of a ""got it"" moment during lectures. I often walk away from class confused on what the point of what we just talked about and learned was."
powel281	"I have so far enjoyed mgmt 310, Financial management, with Prof. Zhang. I think it is interesting that he has his own textbook that he implemented his own projects. I enjoy how the class is all projects rather than exams. For the future, I wish that the assignments that we are assigned to work on for that week would be explained much better. I know some students in the past were confused on where to find the assignment to work on and how to complete it for full points."
sprabhug	"- Explanations and teacher examples really help and allow me to finish my audio recordings quickly and efficiently. And the use of Ai, and being able to see its efficiency, really helps me complete my assignments - Nothing really is bad about the course, just the instructions at times could be unclear, and the use of kaltura is a pain as sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, but Mr.Zhangs flexibility on using other software is great . - I would keep the same things in place, but really just find a different recording software as kaltura is unreliable and half the time does not work"
apumphre	"So far, I feel like the course has been going well. I like that we discuss with our peers, and the assignments are very clear about what we have to complete. I don't really like being randomly called on, but I understand that it helps with group discussions. Overall, I am enjoying this class."
rathod3	"I think this class is very good and educational and I think so far within the first couple of weeks I have learned a lot. I have learned more about what finance is overall and I think this class will teach me many new things. For example currently I am learning how to use AI to write me Python code to figure financial stuff out. I think that I don't really have any wish list for this course as it is already really good and everything is in detail in his book and explains the topics very well. Overall, I am enjoying this class so far and I believe that I will learn a lot from this class and use this knowledge in my future jobs as well."
aritten	The class makes sense to me mostly. I sometimes get confused about what our goal is in some classes and what we are trying to learn and master. Assignments are also sometimes very confusing as to what exactly is expected of us.  I very much enjoyed the day when we took Walmart stock and put a value on it.
robbin55	"I think that this course is set up right like with talking with our peers to go through problems, but i do think that we would benefit from more instruction from the professor. Other than that i think the course is set up good"
jsaarnio	"So far I think that the class has been very good. I like how everything is organized, and it is easy to follow and know what is due when. Communication has been very good as well and I have never really been left wondering what it is going on. I don't really have any suggestions and I hope the rest of the semester continues to go well."
saini52	This course is designed amazingly! I love the textbook and how the lesson directly correlates with what we need to do for our assignments. Professor Z. is funny and makes the lessons more enjoyable with his humor. Would not ask for anything different.
kfsales	"The course is well organized and I appreciate the step-by-step structure of each module. It makes it easy to follow along, and it also make it easier to review concepts that I may have not understood during the class period. The real world examples helped connect the financial concepts to examples that felt practical. Unlike other courses, this allows me to be more engaged with the material as I see my self using this information right now to aid me in being more financially literate. Overall, the simplistic structure of the course makes it easy to follow along, stay engaged, and review course materials.    On the other hand, since this class is scheduled later in the day, it can sometimes be hard to stay fully focused during the lesson. I understand this is outside of your control, but it is something I would place on my wish list.    Overall, I do not have any negative complaints about this course. Besides the time the class is set begin, the class is very well structured."
ksandwel	the class has been very confusing so far. lectures. often feel unorganized and hard to follow along. I would want more structure and easier to understand information in the future .
mwsantan	The Good that this class does is that it encourages me to work together with my classmates which is something I've never been the biggest fan of...but them helping me out has honestly been a great help in terms of understanding the topics in class.   Nothing really bad to say.   The Wishlist is to sometimes make the class end earlier due to it's very late ending.   Overall I believe that this class has started off great and I wish to continue in this trajectory.
dscheel	The good is I have learned a lot of new things and new skills using AI. The bad is the class feels kind of rushed and not connected well.
kschmel	"I like the more technical applications with AI. This is a very unique part of this class and I feel like I'm developing a valuable skill. However, I would like to see more instruction and teaching of the financial management material rather than relying on AI to learn. While I appreciate the open ended prompts for the homework, I feel like having a bit more structure to the lectures (provide more examples rather than one very very simple example before jumping into the complex homework prompt) would help lead to a more thorough understanding of content for the homework creation. Overall, I think the concepts and the overarching structure is a good start, but the execution and in class conversations are a bit lacking in depth."
cschmons	"I think this course is well laid out. I do wish the syllabus had more of a day-to-day schedule, but I can still see the weekly objectives, which helps. Overall, this course helps us adapt to AI and still learn financial management and how to tackle certain frameworks."
lschrand	I wish we had more of a detailed explanation for homework assignments as they have been ambiguous.   I have enjoyed the content and believe I am learning how to learn while utilizing the tools of our modern age in this class. Thank you.
schro187	"I like that this class focuses on getting us acclimated to AI. I also like the format of the weekly video assignments rather than the typical exam setup. However, I feel that the class could benefit from further organization and clarity in the lectures. There are times in class where I am unsure what I should be working on because of unclear communication. I also wish that there was more teaching from the professor rather than Google Gemini teaching us all of these complex finance topics."
schro187	"I enjoy that this class is getting us acclimated to AI. However, I wish there was a bit more structure to the lectures. It feels like often much of the class is confused at what we should be doing when we break into discussion time. A little bit more clarity in the instructions would go a long way."
fsegurav	"I like the concepts, and although it took me a while to get used to it I have started to appreciate the AI influence and DRIVER method centric education. I think when explaining more general financial concepts it could be helpful to have more clear definitions and concepts since this is the first time some of us are being introduced to these concepts that might seem obvious. Maybe use real world applications and your professional experience to show us how they are applied in real life."
seitz23	"Good: -Textbook Clarity -Professor wants us to succeed   Bad: -Class structure needs more clarity at the beginning of the semester -Need better clarity on certain variables in written out equations    Wish List: Refer to ""Bad""   So far, I feel like the course has definitely become a lot more clear in what is being asked of me as a student. I like how the class is formatted compared to all of my other classes as well. I definitely prefer the weekly assignments and projects over the exam prep. However, I do believe an argument could be made that discussing in person what success looks like for the weekly assignments and being in the class as a whole could benefit some students."
tsharat	"I really like the amount of integration of AI into this course. As professionals we need to know how and when to corporate AI into our work, this course really gives us a chance unlike many other classes where we are discouraged to use AI. I wish there was a little more structure with the classes because sometimes i go home a little confused about what we learned in class that day and how it all connects."
shongc	"The good: I like how the course is structured on video-based weekly submissions. It also helps us use AI to its utmost capability in making financial analyses work through code. I think that it's helpful learning when you are explaining it through a screen on how and what you did to get this result.    The bad: During the first two weeks of school, I was a bit confused and wasn't completely sure this course sat right with me because I had no idea what was going on. However, as classes went on, step-by-step guides and example prompts learned in class helped me better understand how to do the assignments. I think it'd have helped if we've gotten access to make videos through kaltura or whatever online website device to record our screen and show our face with captions earlier on or when we were first able to view the class materials in general.   Overall, I am enjoying this class and can't wait to learn more on how to use python on gemini to excel my thinking for financial management."
sshuman	Sometimes it becomes hard to stay on track with the information being provided since so much of it is AI based.
nsikorsk	"I enjoy making videos explaining how the concepts work as it makes you have to learn all the material thoroughly.  It is an interesting way of learning that is more valuable than giving exams where students just memorize all the topics and regurgitate them.  My only criticism is that the lessons can be sometimes challenging because the end goal is not explained in the beginning of the lecture.  The lessons lead up to an end which eventually makes sense but it would be nice to know at the beginning of class, the objective of a particular unit or lecture.  Overall, I am extremely pleased with the unique style of this class and like the sense of humor the professor presents in class."
hsilenri	"- Classes have been very engaging and entertaining. Working with peers inside the class also helps in the learning process. Assignment feedback has also been very detailed.    - Explanation of the core concepts and formulas are good but would like them to be a more detailed as some concepts/formulas are more complex and harder to understand than others.    - Overall a very enjoyable and interesting class, and right now there isn't anything bad about the course."
sing1099	"The best part of this course is the free textbook which has a clean, easy to use interface and makes studying straightforward. The biggest drawback is the video requirement for assignments. Having to appear on camera makes the process unnecessarily hard and time consuming. I've tried using Loom but its free trial runs out every two weeks and Kaltura is clunky and frustrating. I wish there were a simpler, completely free way to submit videos, ideally just a YouTube upload with voice narration only so we could focus on the content instead of wrestling with recording software."
skinne36	"1. One thing I really like about the class is the the fact that AI is embraced as a tool and the structure is learning how to use it as a tool rather than a replacement. I also like the video structure of assignments as it allows us to show our thinking and the work at the same time.   2. One thing that could be slightly better is that the assignments seem a little ambiguous at times and it can be hard to figure out what to actually do in the start. However, it is a good problem task and allows students to show their own unique perspective rather then just copy a template."
sleethe	"I think this course has been very useful we have learned how to use various websites for coding, the only downside is that I find coding very boring. I think by the end I will like it more."
sleethe	"The good is that we are learning how to use Driver to code and produce them. The bad is that the assignment details are very confusing, and I still haven't received any feedback about the assignment I submitted incorrectly. I just received a zero, which I think is unfair, because I'm not sure what to fix. I hope to be able to figure out more about this assignment so i can get some credit."
esleeth	"This class has been rewarding but also challenging to me. By having to explain these videos I have learned more about some key concepts like present and future value, compound interest and more key terms. Using Driver framework has made it easier to stay organized and all of these experiences has built in some confidence in financial terms.  The only bad is that it takes me a little to understand the code and it takes a long time getting everything ran. Alot of times I had a difficult time submitting because my face wasn't in it or I couldn't download the video to YouTube. Overall, I like this class and how it is introducing us to AI which will help us in the future. Only thing that I wished was that it somehow correlated to the Construction Industry."
snyde325	"I like how we integrate AI into the course because we have this tool that we will be using in the real world. So I'm happy that we are learning to use it ethically and for good. I also like how you provide very detailed comments/feedback on our assignments. This allows us to see where we can improve for the next session assignment. Something I don't like is cold calling during class. I personally just get really anxious about it, even though I am paying attention, and I would raise my hand if I knew the answer. I understand it is to make sure that people are engaged, but I personally don't like it. I like how we get to collaborate with our peers during class. This time to communicate helps make the class more engaging, and it's nice to talk through problems that I may not know the answer to or much about the topic."
solomo24	I enjoy the amount of time we have to experiment with AI on our own. I have learned how to ask direct questions to find out answers in a way that would be useful.    I am struggling to understand the assignments and what we are doing for them.    Wish list- walk through the assignments more and give us more direct outlines of what we need to be including in our videos. Especially for the projects.     I enjoy learning how to use new AI platforms as this was not something that I have had experimented with before since most professors are against AI. I think there could be an improvement in the explanation of graded assignments.
spring48	I think the course is really interesting when using AI to help us work through problems. Using the DRIVER framework is also really fun to use because it makes me think beyond the simple solution to some of these equations. Developing the solution and expanding on what I could have done different. I think maybe explaining some of the homework problems a little more could be useful for the students but besides that the class is really interesting.
tsquire	"- The course is good at showing you how much AI can really do. The assignments are tough at first but you get used to them. The Mini projects are confusing so far but that may change.   - Better Mini Project Explanations   - Overall, I love the course so far and the work load is nothing terrible, it can be hard sometimes but I have gotten used to it. The mini projects seem hard so far but that may change. I like the attendance of working with others."
sriva154	"I think that this course is actually very interesting. When we started this course, I was a bit afraid when it said that we will use python and code, because I've never been that good at coding and don't know much. But I'm glad that we get so much help when we code. Another thing is that the DRIVER's framework is actually a very helpful framework. I'm also really glad that we have class recordings for days if we miss class accidentally or even just to go back and listen if we missed anything in class. Overall, I think that this is a very well thought out and planned course! We have sufficient time to complete all the assignments, and plenty of help if needed!"
jmstaton	"The good would be how the professor not only provides us with the textbook instead of making us pay, but the textbook is actually written by the professor which makes the transition between the course content and the textbook quite seamless. The bad would be that in my opinion the content of this class doesn't seem relevant to my major or helping me learn anything that would benefit my specific role in my career."
asumpter	"My honest feedback of this course currently is that I have a lack of confidence in my understanding of the material.  I feel as though I am creating material without understanding then asking a generator to teach me what I just created so that I can go through and check the math that was created.    Wish list:  - If you want us to validate the work then have us do the problem by hand on our own, slowly - If you want us to understand the terms the teach the interactive terms, slowly   * OR tell us the reading material ahead of time to allow us to prepare so we aren't overwhelm/lost coming into class   I can't keep up with the questions being asked in the class and just wait till the end of class so that I can go back through my notes to hope I caught it all."
surapan2	"The good: The implementation of AI The bad: Not clear schedule of what we will do in class    I like assignment setup, just wish what we are learning/going to learn everyday is clear.   I think it would be beneficial for students to have more lessons in the beginning of class, then collaboration/discussion later. I do think on brightspace or syllabus, it should be stated what sections we will master in a days class (like section 2 and 3 in session 3)."
swannr	the class is really interesting but some times I get confused on the importance and what's not important as well as how all the lessons connect so a little bit more clarification on this would be nice. outside of that the class is very interesting and engaging.
lbthang	"Good: Instructor gives good feedbacks for the assignments which helped me notice what I need to work on.    Bad: Sometimes not understanding on certain part of the assignments.    Wish: I wish that there was examples of what our work should look like.   Feedback: Overall, I found this class to be very positive and valuable learning experience. The instructor's expertise and the relevance of the curriculum were definite highlights."
thorpe11	I have enjoyed the course thus far. I like walking through everything together in class because it makes it easier to follow along. I also like when the class is engaged in the lectures because I think it makes it easier to understand. I like the structure of the textbook because there are specific parts dedicated to student discussion to ensure that we are learning. The only things that are confusing for me are the equations we are beginning to encounter with stock valuation.
irtimmer	"MGMT 310 has been a very helpful course so far this semester. As an actuarial student, the topics that we have covered are very familiar, but the ways that we are applying them are very unique, specifically within the Session Assignments and utilizing AI. The session assignments are very interesting in helpful. Explaining my ideas and how I applied them is a very good method for retaining and understanding the topics that we have discussed in class. I also appreciate the time in class that we get to discuss with our classmates. This is helped share and get feedback on ideas. All in all, the course has been very good overall. I don't have any complaints towards the structure or the professor."
ctirador	"This course has great material and useful skills that we will use in the future. Since this class is focused on AI, it will help us prepare for the use of AI in the workplace. Something I wish to do in this class is to continue to work with my peers and refine my skills in the use of DRIVER. I think this class will be useful not only right now in college, but in the future when companies develop ways to use AI in the workplace."
htobias	"I've been enjoying this course so far, especially the topics we've been covering. I like the fact that we use AI tools, as I believe learning to leverage them will be a significant advantage in our future careers. I also find the emphasis on individual assignments over exams to be an effective way to engage with the material.   One small suggestion that could improve the in-class discussions for me is to clearly state the objective at the very beginning of each example. Sometimes, I find it a bit challenging to follow the purpose of each step when I'm not yet sure of the final goal. For instance, if we're working through a scenario, stating upfront what we're trying to solve for would really help me connect all the pieces as we go.   Lastly, I greatly appreciate the professor's flexibility and understanding, specifically his willingness to adapt to the technical difficulties at the start of the semester and adjust due dates when needed. This has been very helpful!   Overall, I think the class is off to a good start, and I am looking forward to the rest of the semester!"
atypaldo	"The good: I really enjoy that this class is very active. We don't only have to listen, but we have to do. We learn while actively doing examples with the professor. I also really like the video assignments. It really makes me retain the week's information of what we learned in class.    The bad: What I think maybe needs more improvement from this class is the pacing of this class. I think sometimes some students get confused because it gets too fast, or changes of topics quite rapidly.   The wishlist:  -the codes we work on better explained -providing a roadmap to work on the code better -a five minute recap of last class each class -a short common-errors debrief before working on code   Feedback (own words): I think this is a very well structured class. I don't have many bad things to say about it. I really like how different and effective the learning is in this class. Besides that, I would only really implement a 1-5 minute recap of the last class at the begging of class for better understanding of students."
ueki	I personally like the fact that we don't have exams and have video submissions or project instead. Sometimes I do feel that the feedback i'm getting on these assignments aren't clear because it doesn't tell me much about how I can possibly improve.   I wish we had a little more structure and instructions for our projects in terms of what it is that you are looking for each time outside of what is already there in the textbook which can be very vague at times.
vcuk	"So far, this course has been going smooth for me, and you have done a good job of teaching effectively. At the beginning of this course, I was worried that this course would be one of my biggest struggles, but it has turned out to be one of the classes where I am doing good on. As for the negatives about this course, I don't really have anything so far. Everything has been going well for me personally."
valencc	What I enjoy about the class is the use of AI. I believe it is not a tool that should be tossed to the side just because of how some students may abuse it.
velasqul	I am not sure how I feel about everything being AI. I think it would be beneficial to use the actual textbook in addition to driver method.
dveracht	"I have enjoyed this class so far.  I feel that you have gone over the basics well, but in the syllabus it says we will learn financial model and valuation.  I would like to get more in depth on these topics.  Additionally I would like to learn more independently rather than using AI because I feel as though that hinders my own learning.  I cannot always depend on AI to do my work for me.  I do appreciate the AI when it comes to coding and it is helpful as an assistant, but  over using it stops me from really absorbing the information."
vigm	"I think class is entertaining and I like the way we are learning. However, I wished that we had more projects in class rather than the videos. I feel like projects and simulations help me learn better."
vigm	I like this class as it is very entertaining and interesting; however I wish there were group projects.
vogt14	"-Good : very engaging, work and ideas seem useful to be learning for current day work force.  Professor seems actually interested in what he is teaching. -Bad : maybe a little too fast paced sometimes, hard to follow along.   -Overall pretty enjoyable class, engaging and relevant content.  I wish the class was not so late in the day though."
wang5687	"I really enjoyed this class because the instructor's teaching style was innovative, and the assignments allowed me to explore data on my own and further my learning. It also provided a platform for case competitions. I think the class could be improved if the instructor could be more user-friendly for finance beginners, perhaps organizing essential concepts into slides. Overall, I really enjoyed this class. I hope that when I see financial statements in the workplace, I will be able to have my own thoughts."
wayse	"With the rise of AI I appreciate this class greatly for getting me started with learning how to use it as a tool rather than a crutch. This is the first class that has taught me how to prompt the AI and how to potentially use it in my finance career. Furthermore, the feedback I receive in this class is incredibly helpful and detailed and I am able to try and improve my videos for the next submission.  On the other hand, I think one thing that can be improved on is communication on what is due for the videos, however, this is on the textbook and it has the exact sections we need to complete. Therefore, I think in the first couple of days of class and in the syllabus this should be made clear.  In this class I wish we would go more in depth in the coding aspect of Gemini. By this I mean explaining more of what Gemini is creating rather than just believing what he is doing is correct."
cweinza	"- I think you do a good job of keeping us engaged. The content is more interesting since the teaching method is so unique, which is something I can appreciate. This is definitely unlike any other course I have taken which requires me to get more practice with critical thinking. I also enjoy that you lean into the use of ai rather than being against it. I feel like I have gotten better at using ai and have learned new ways to use it.    The class can be hard to follow along at times. I often struggle understanding the end goal of something we are doing / the reason why we are talking about something.  There are things that I don't like because they are difficult, but looking back, I do think this has helped me learn more and think more on my own. I think I would prefer some clarity when it comes to topics or homework assignments.    - As said previously, I wish you would outline a few more details of what you are looking for in the homework assignments before we start the lesson so we know what we should be getting out of the lectures.    - I think a lot of people might have negative things to say about this class, just because the format is so different than what we are used to as students. We have been told to never use ai, then come to this class and ai is the backbone of it. I actually think it has been helpful for me so far. At the end of the semester, I think all of the students will be better using ai and using critical thinking. Critical thinking has been my main takeaway of this course, which I know is what you want. I am teaching myself how to better problem solve. While the class may be confusing at times, I ultimately think the challenge will be beneficial to all of the students. We are learning how to figure things out for ourselves."
white977	"I enjoy filming the youtube videos for homework, and think it is innovative. I also enjoy the coursework, but I wish we could explore each lesson in more detail during class. Overall, I enjoy the class, and don't think too much should be changed, but the one piece of advice I have is to take more time in class diving into topics in different sessions."
swickstr	"- I see that the material we are learning in this course is very useful and could be crucial to learn for future employment. I'm glad that I'm learning how to use AI to my advantage rather than be worried about its ""takeover"" in the workplace.  - I've had no prior experience with coding and minimal with AI, so it's been a bit of learning curve in that regard. I've also not had as interactive of a class before, so that has been a bit different for me too... getting me out of my comfort zone I suppose :) - There's nothing I'm really ""wishing"" for - I hope to continue to learn practical uses of AI for my future."
iwish	The class is good and the projects help build my understanding in financial management.
wu2053	"Good: I think it's nice to get a lot of opportunity to use AI to help solve the problem and combine with class content. Using AI not only help us understand the contents better, but also with better efficiency.   Bad: Sometimes the class can be a little too much on explaining things and get a little boring, maybe we could just do more and talk less. Also, some contents are too complicated and not really explained clearly.    The wish list: None for now   Feedback: I think the class used a lot of AI with finance and it's cool, but I don't really know what I learned because the contents kind of jump around. Maybe it's my opinion but maybe should be more structured."
jyoungwo	"1. I really like how this course is very interactive. I feel engaged every day when I attend class and feel like what I am learning actually matters. I also think the Weekly Video Assignments allow for a good sense of reflection on each unit and the topics covered. They help me think about and actually apply what I have been learning.    2. In regards to a wish-list, I wish that in-class periods were a little more focused on the financial concepts as well as the AI implications. I appreciate that the class is very AI focused, I just wish that while we are in-class, we spend a little bit more time learning about the financial concepts and ratios that this class is about.    3. Overall, I am really enjoying MGMT 310. I like the engaging aspect of the lectures, and find what I am learning about AI and technology to be important right now as well for my future career. I just think we should be spending a little bit more time on the finance as opposed to the AI, as I think it will also be helpful in my career."
zhao1398	"Good: obviously no test and quizzes, which relieved a lot of stress, especially during testing weeks. But besides that, I found my self actually appreciating the freedom given to complete each assignment, I found that I could learn better when I follow my own train of thoughts.    Bad: somethings the new form of learning made me feel incapable of doing, questions such as ""can I really do this well"" or ""am I really doing this right"" were asked to myself. But fortunately I have some study buddies in this class and we all helped each other a lot when it comes to how to record this video, how to generate subtitles, how replit works, etc. So overall I found this class to be moderately challenging but manageable.    Wish list: maybe post some student assignments that got really good grades so that we have an idea of what to aim for? don't know it that'll lead to everyone submitting similar products, but sometimes the grading rubric can be vague."
kzylstr	"This class has provided a good framework for various financial analyses, such as time value of money and profitability of a company. It would be helpful if the instructions for the WVAs were clearer before the first assignment. I feel like I now have clear direction on how to complete these assignments well, but it was pretty confusing at first."
